Remove description of combining model classes (#8744)
astropy/astropy: docs/modeling/compound-models.rst

<compound-models-intro>`, the only way, currently, to create compound models is
to combine existing single models and/or compound models using expressions in
Python with the binary operators ``+``, ``-``, ``*``, ``/``, ``**``, ``|``,
and ``&``, each of which is discussed in the following sections.

> .. warning:: Creating compound models by combining classes is deprecated and will be removed in v 4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: Creating compound models by combining classes is deprecated and will be removed in v4.0.
```

The result of combining two models is a model instance::

    >>> two_gaussians = Gaussian1D(1.1, 0.1, 0.2) + Gaussian1D(2.5, 0.5, 0.1)
    >>> two_gaussians  # doctest: +FLOAT_CMP
    <CompoundModel...(amplitude_0=1.1, mean_0=0.1, stddev_0=0.2, amplitude_1=2.5, mean_1=0.5, stddev_1=0.1)>

This expression creates a new model instance that is ready to be used for evaluation::

    >>> two_gaussians(0.2)  # doctest: +FLOAT_CMP
    0.9985190841886609

> The ``print`` command provides more information about this object::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``print`` function provides more information about this object::
```
